Zhu Xueying, the middle level of your company
Dare to claim it, I have a tens of billions order.
You deal with it.
It's not too late to kneel down and apologize to me
Save you and I can't close the game
Did I hear it right?
Confirm again
Hahahahaha
The first beautiful woman in the imperial city
The best female CEO in the world
The eldest daughter of Prince Daxia
Hahahaha
You used to be a trash sweeper
Also qualified to know him
Humph
That's the funniest joke I've ever heard in my life.
No, just the one chasing after my butt
The little girl who begged me to marry him all day long
What can't you recognize?
Are you crazy?
Do you know what you're saying?
You insult laughing royalty
It's a capital offense
You mean that woman?
cut
Who the hell knows which club you got the actor from?
Actor
The princess is the daughter of heaven
How can you kneel and lick a stinky fish like you?
Hahahaha
I suggest
Cut him to pieces now
Let this lowest level of junk know
You can do whatever you want with money
Shenglong Group Mr. Zhang
I am the person in charge of the Yandu branch of Shenglong Group
I came here today to congratulate Chen
Home won tens of billions of orders
internal school
This is Mr. Zhang, the general manager of our region.
If you can make this relationship
This is for our Chen family
It's an incredible opportunity.
Your Highness, you also understand well
Tell you to put Chen Meixiao in my bed
How are things feeling, Mr. Zhang?
It's this broken sweeper
Not only falsely claim tens of billions of orders
How dare you endure hardship
Sue won't wait